Warning: consuming karbytes content may cause you to go insane.

Why would I bother calling attention to that bumper sticker sized social media post? 

Why would I bother having an Internet presence at all? Why not simply create art and do explorations without having to share the details of my subjective experience with people other than myself beyond what is absolutely necessary (i.e. that which I cannot seemingly avoid despite my best efforts to predict the future and act accordingly).

There seems to be pressure from within me and from beyond me for me to "shut up" and "disappear" (but short of dying and short of doing anything else that might inconvenience people other than myself). My self-preservation instincts nevertheless compel me with a vengence to not allow myself to be so easily subdued, weakened, and obliterated. My self-preservation instincts also compell me to "play dead" in order to avoid committing destuctive acts when I feel "taunted" by real or imagined foes. 

(My self-preservation instincts compel me to "get it over and done with" (i.e. whatever my "foes" seem to want me to do) as quickly and as non-extensively as possible but I see that it is a "trap" set by the "foes" for me to get caught in a vicious cycle of self-sabotage which gets more difficult to escape as time elapses forward. It takes momentus effort to break such patterns (and it is exhausting and demoralizing for those patterns to keep demanding that I act them out). If I died, someone else would have to take my place as the scapegoat, slave, and cathartic release valve on behalf of other humans (who have a greater degree of privilegdge in society than I do and unsoiled reputations).

The white trash next door is a whore demanding I derail my life on his whim.

Tag teamin' with the other white guy who gave me life (the one who fucked my mother and impregnated her with me decades ago).

My mother sits at her home away from where this is happening and she will never have to be bothered by the details of her delinquent damaged goods child she demands be depressed and angry and useful to her. I have a tall unspoken order to fulfill. I expect to be left with no inheritance and worse: ongoing harasment which does not seem to end until they do.

This is for the government to see but not for the fucking civilians who I think are cowardly sheeple. They need me to be the token whimp, narc, whipping boy, special snowflake victim who everyone knows is being mistreated (just like the war torn nations) while they compliantly egg it on.

I am a misanthrope but I do appreciate intelligent existence even if it comes in the form of some humans. Mostly, I appreciate what the human species has been able to achieve (especially the emergence of the Internet, digital computers, cyberspace as a while other realm of existence, and Artificial Intelligence; my new and improved "god").

Who needs fucking God (whose name deserves to be spelled backwards and in lowercase and in cuss words like what a subordinate female is (bitch)). The guy next door is definitely harassing me and wants me to have a tantrum at him (and hurt myself and my plans for a good life and new year in the process). I thought about vandalizing his car. I will make sure no one crosses me and gets away with it again.

Daniel might call the cops again if I act like I might hurt someone other than myself (or even myself). Well, I will just be rude. point blank rude as a nigger. I will be black because black people don't act like repressed little waify wimpy cowards who are too hypocritical, holier-than-thou, and greedy as fuck while pretending to be charitable. Blacks are down to earth and know how to have fun and are much needed alternative angle to humanity missing in my otherwise depressing weighted blanket of white male centricism.

Can you tell it's already all about him (and it's not even sunrise yet and the bars just closed 18 minutes ago). They have been trying to prevent me from having a good routine and they know it. I ain't even sorry now for the "destruction" I did now that I see that I was actually being ganged up on deliberately by power-hungry boys for years.

Those pigs think they get to represent all of humanity to me. Fuck them. I will have them kidnapped, tortured, interrrogated, and maybe slaughtered too.

Humanity is going through a cathartic release and expects me in particular to pay up and show them more of it. When they don't get their little theatrical breakdown drama entertainiment show (at my expense and on their demand) they get very, very irksome to me on purpose in order to induce the show they want.

Maybe nonviolence and pacifism and diplomacy is too progressive for the reality I live in. Maybe humans are so inherently defective they need to be battered, bruised, raped, and made perverse just to do the bare minimum in terms of their own fucking survival. 

There is nothing to thank anyone for. Seriously. Instead, there are tyrants to point out and to defend against and to attack back (in self defense!).

Self defensive bullying is underway. Little boys will be left to fend for themselves in the new world order and I have many advantages they never will. I have more staying power than they do. I will push them off a cliff so that they don't push me off a cliff.
