// journal_karbytes_23december2024.txt

To Whom It May Concern:

I am likely going to end my life in suicide due to the fact that I have come to the conclusion that the degree of adversity and effort required of me to attain my goals seems to exceed the sense of fulfilment I would be getting from working towards and consequentially attaining my goals.

I seem to live in a world where I am particularly disadvantaged and set up to feel abused, helpless, and in physical danger (especially due to the fact that I am the target of ungoing and unavoidable harassment from the government and from people able to physically interact with me) and I remember mostly being punished (or, at the very best, dismissed) whenever I attempted to ask other people for help.

I have come to the conclusion (based on ample empirical evidence) that I live in a time and place where I am at a disadvantage compared to everyone else in vicinity to me due to the fact that I have an established social, legal, and employment/academic reputation as someone who is not trustworthy (and therefore left to be treated like an adult orphan few if any employers would want to hire and which many people would be happy to exploit the vulnerability of).

I live in a time and place where my highest priorities seem to be treated by most others as non priorities and my preferences and knowledge as being in dire need of drastic reformation (so that I can better fit into society and serve its agenda (which I think is about expiditing "natural selection" in favor of those who are most favored by those with the most money and power (which always correlates with having the highest degree of military power and ability to determine whether violence is justified))).

Living as a vagrant has not been as practical as I was hoping it would be (and I see how limited my options really are due to the establishment which favors "right wing" practices). I see that I am likely another statistic of suicide and that it will likely be many decades before human civilization is what I could honestly describe as sufficiently utopian-like for me to say that my standard of living is adequate and that my efforts are personally worthwhile.

Sincerely (or not),
karbytes

P.S. I know that publishing this note greatly decreases the likelihood that I will be able to obtain secure employment. I may end up being able to opt for government-provided housing and social security income to supplement whatever low-paying job I may or may not be able to secure. Even if I only work on my open software engineering and science/philosophy projects for the remainder of my life while having no means to obtain anything beyond basic necessities in terms of financial or material support (which means that, if I work, I pretty much expect to spend myself broke just to keep my computers running).

(I also would like to say that I am in a "no win" situation with my father who refuses to stop smoking cigarettes in my house. If I leave to live as a vagrant again, he will likely feel like I am villainizing him. If I stay (which I think is honestly much worse (especially long-term)), I will inevitably act out due to feeling physically assaulted by unwanted cigarette smoke being forced into my respiratory system. I, for now on, intend to only use my dad's place to maintain my .onion server (and personal belongings in my room at that house) while using my mom's house (and my deceased maternal grandfather's room on the bottom floor of that house) as my new primary place to sleep (and I will use the shower, toilet, sink, coffee machine, washing machine, dryer, Wi-Fi Internet, and electricity there). I will still attempt to have packages sent to my current legal address at my dad's house if no other (non residential) addresses are available to recieve my packages).

(I wish I could say that this note is me being melodramatic, but I am afraid that actually might not be the case. I hope to avoid getting persecuted for publishing my "unsavory" thoughts on the public web).

(I do think my mother and my father are both a bit on the narcissistic and controlling side. Hence, I might just resort to camping in a tent in either one of their backyards or, ideally, somewhere out of there vicinity which is not too far out of my way until I get Section 8 housing or something functionally equivalent to that).

I decided not to publish this note on the public web and decided instead to stuff it into an always private GitHub repository mainly because I do not think my dad is smoking in the house as much as he is (but sometimes I think he is "sneaking" cigarettes back into my living environment so that I just become acclimiated and I sense that there is something wrong with the air quality in my room because I have a sore throat and chest tightness here more than I do when I am seemingly most other places. Maybe, for that reason (i.e. that I am suspicious that my dad is "secretly" continuuing to bombard me with his cigarette smoke), I should just share this note on the public web and say nothing of it until someone other than me brings it to my attention.

Lastly, I am not genuinely suicidal; at least not now. Instead, I am afraid that I am being pushed closer to feeling genuinely suicidal than I want to be by "circumstances" which are apparently mostly if not completely beyond my control. I also noticed that, the more I call attention to some "justice" issue which bother me, the more I seem to encounter hardships. If I seem to be acting more cowardly and self-censoring than usual, my fear of getting punished for going against the status quo could be the reason why. I also want to say that I do not particularly love people, but I do love their technology (which means I can "be friends with" people who are also genuinely passionate about technology (and who are similar enough to me in terms of ontology and ethics)).
